E2E Testing (and some testing pages in general!) Documentation Refresh (#1170)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/more-info/webapp/unit-testing.md

---
title: "Unit tests"
heading: "Unit tests for the Mattermost Web app"
description: "Review our guidelines for unit testing for your Mattermost webapp, including a guide on how to do component testing."
date: 2018-11-20T11:35:32-04:00
weight: 5
aliases:
  - /contribute/webapp/unit-testing
---

### Unit Tests for Component and Utility Files

> The last required step in building a web app component is to test it. {{<newtabref href="https://jestjs.io/en/" title="Jest">}}and {{<newtabref href="https://airbnb.io/enzyme/" title="Enzyme">}}are the main frameworks/testing utilities used in unit testing components and utility files of the `mattermost-webapp` repository. Please visit their respective documentation for detailed information on how to get started, best practices, and updates. Enzyme is used to render and interact with React components in isolation, while Jest is used to perform snapshot testing against these components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last required step in building a web app component is to test it. {{<newtabref href="https://jestjs.io/en/" title="Jest">}}and {{<newtabref href="https://enzymejs.github.io/enzyme/" title="Enzyme">}}are the main frameworks/testing utilities used in unit testing components and utility files of the `mattermost-webapp` repository. Please visit their respective documentation for detailed information on how to get started, best practices, and updates. Enzyme is used to render and interact with React components in isolation, while Jest is used to perform snapshot testing against these components.
```

Reviewer: Looks like the site moved; updated the URL to the site it redirects to.

If you need to unit test something related to Redux, please check out [Redux Unit and E2E Testing]({{<relref "/contribute/more-info/webapp/redux/testing.md">}}).

#### Writing unit tests
Below is a brief guide on how to do component testing:

> 1. Match snapshots using default or expected props. Use shallow rendering to render just the component itself, and not any of it's child components. Note that while using snapshots is convenient, do not rely solely on this for every test case, as changes can be easily overlooked when using the command `jest -updateSnapshot` to update multiple snapshots at once. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Match snapshots using default or expected props. Use shallow rendering to render just the component itself, and not any of its child components. Note that while using snapshots is convenient, do not rely solely on this for every test case, as changes can be easily overlooked when using the command `jest -updateSnapshot` to update multiple snapshots at once. For example:
```
